the Oscar goes to Octavia Spencer
Octavia Spencer's it seems that we build
spaceman she won an Oscar
maybe we want to know
to be honored for doing
I thought she was born to do this is her
first Academy Award
oh thank you
Thank You Academy for putting me with
the hottest guy in the room um I have to
thank my family's my family in Alabama
the state of Alabama uh um my la family
watching it Stevens or I gotta I help
family Tate Brunson Katherine um Allison
Chani
thank you for being in my life I share
this with everybody Thank You Steven
Spielberg for change in my life thank
you Stacy Snyder for changing my life
please wrap up I'm wrapping up I'm sorry
I'm freaking out thank you world Oh God
and thank you to w me in viewpoint ela
I'm sorry guys I love you thank you I'm
sorry